Clarify that component references work in this form. (#3592)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

  When quoted identifiers (e.g., \lstinline!rec.'}'.'quoted ident'!) are involved, the form \%\{\emph{par}\} must be used.
  Here, \emph{par} is a general \lstinline[language=grammar]!component-reference!, and the macro can be directly followed by a letter.
  Thus \lstinline!%{w}x%{h}! gives the value of \lstinline!w! directly followed by \emph{x} and the value of \lstinline!h!, while \lstinline!%wxh! gives the value of the parameter \lstinline!wxh!.

>   Additionally, \lstinline!%{a.p}! should give the value of the parameter \lstinline!p! in the component \lstinline!a!.

Reviewer: Stick to tense:
```suggestion
  Additionally, \lstinline!%{a.p}! gives the value of the parameter \lstinline!p! in the component \lstinline!a!.
```

Author: Tense-change was included in rewritten text
